add zsh style autocompletion docs (#45)
dty1er/kubecolor: README.md

kubectl provides [autocompletion feature](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/#enable-kubectl-autocompletion). If you are
already using it, you might have to configure it for kubecolor.

> #### Bash / Fish

Reviewer: Did you make sure this works on fish? I don't have fish environment so I am not sure it.

Author: Ups, you are right, this was just an assumption, I will correct to 'Bash' only

complete -o default -F __start_kubectl k
```

#### Zsh

> For zsh make sure this lines are present in your .zshrc file:

Reviewer: Please fix this for consistency with another part.

```suggestion
For zsh make sure these lines are present in your zsh config file.
```

Author: Updated these...
